README.md, before:

# DiscordBotBase
DiscordBotBase is a Java project utilizing JDA, designed to empower users in creating fully customizable Discord bots through JSON configurations. This README provides comprehensive guidance on various aspects of the project, including configuration, commands, components, modules, and the ResponseBuilder.

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting started](#getting-started)
2. [Main configuration file](#main-configuration-file)
3. [Commands](#commands)
    - [Command structure](#command-structure)
    - [Subcommands](#subcommands)
    - [Response commands](#response-commands)
4. [Components](#components)
    - [Button component structure](#button-component-structure)
    - [Dropdown component structure](#dropdown-component-structure)
    - [Modal component structure](#modal-component-structure)
5. [Modules](#modules)
6. [ResponseBuilder](#responsebuilder)
    - [Response structure](#response-structure)
    - [Component row overriding](#component-row-overriding)
    - [Component appearance overriding](#component-appearance-overriding)
7. [EventWaiter](#eventwaiter)
8. [License](#license)

## Getting started
1. Clone the `DiscordBotBase` repository to your local machine.
2. Customize your bot's behavior.
3. Explore examples and showcases in the `configuration` folder.
4. Build and run your bot using Java and the JDA library.

## Main configuration file
The main configuration file (`configuration/config.json`) serves as the cornerstone for customizing your bot's behavior. Here, you can set default values, specify your bot's token, define admins, configure intents, error handlers, database credentials, enable modules etc.

## Commands
To implement a command, create a class extending the `Command` class. Register the command in `CommandManager#registerCommands()`. Additionally, create a JSON file with the command's name in `configuration/commands`. Upon bot startup, this file will be filled with default JSON properties, which are self-explanatory. From here, you are free to customize the command's appearance and functionality.

Command error handlers can be overridden upon configuring command's properties. If no overrides are provided, bot will respond with default error handlers (configured in `configuration/config.json`). Same principle is later applied to component handlers. 

### Command structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "cooldown": 1,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [], 
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {}, 
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "description": "N/A",
    "admin": false,
    "aliases": [],
    "global": false,
    "guilds": [],
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "parent": "",
    "options": [
      {
        "name": "",
        "type": "STRING",
        "description": "N/A",
        "required": false,
        "autocomplete": false,
        "choices": [
          {
            "name": "",
            "value": ""
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Subcommands
In order to implement a subcommand, create a command with the name `[parent command]_[subcommand]`. Subcommand's properties should include a parent value referencing the parent command's name.

### Response commands
Response commands require no handler implementation. These can be added to `configuration/responsecommands` and configured from there.

## Components
Components include buttons (`ButtonHandler`), dropdowns (`DropdownHandler`) and modals (`ModalHandler`). Handlers are created similarly to command handlers and are registered in `ComponentManager#registerComponentHandlers()`. 

### Button component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "label": "",
    "style": "",
    "emoji": "",
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [],
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "timeout": 0,
    "delete_after_timeout": 0,
    "row_index": 0, 
    "disable_once_used": false,
    "disable_all_once_used": false
  }
}
```
### Dropdown component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "placeholder": "",
    "min_options": 0,
    "max_options": 1,
    "options": [],
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [],
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "timeout": 0,
    "delete_after_timeout": 0,
    "row_index": 0,
    "disable_once_used": false,
    "disable_all_once_used": false
  }
}
```
### Modal component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "title": "",
    "fields": [],
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [], 
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {}, 
      "disabled": {}
    }
  }
}
```
## Modules
Modules can be enabled from the main configuration file. Each module extends the `Module` class and can register listeners, tasks, both or none. Modules must be registered through `ModuleManager#registerModules()`. Listener modules should use the `registerListener()` method within the `onEnable()` method to register listeners to JDA. Task modules, on the other hand, contain tasks that are repeated at intervals. Use the `registerTask()` method to register tasks.

## ResponseBuilder
The `ResponseBuilder` class handles interactions with users, sending responses in the form of messages or modals. Use the `ResponseBuilder#build()` method to begin response creation process. Once your response has been created, use `#send()` in order to send it. 

Two values that are worth explaining are `bonus` and `predicates`:
- `bonus` - Allows passing JsonObject data to components upon message sending. This data can later be retrieved upon handling component execution. 
- `predicates` - Enables the integration of executable consumers to respond dynamically when specific conditions are met within a class, particularly when generating responses containing distinct components. This feature proves highly advantageous for managing components with diverse appearances yet varying functionalities and same parent handlers, such as confirmation buttons. 

### Response structure
```json
{
  "response": {
    "message": "Hello!",
    "description": "",
    "title": "",
    "title_url": "",
    "footer_text": "",
    "footer_icon_url": "",
    "author_text": "",
    "author_url": "",
    "author_icon_url": "",
    "timestamp": "",
    "thumbnail_url": "",
    "image_url": "",
    "color": "",
    "fields": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "value": "",
          "blank": true,
          "inline": false
        }
    ],
    "components": [""],
    "modal": "",
    "delete_after": 0,
    "ephemeral": false,
    "pin": false
  }
}
```

### Component row overriding
```json
{
   "response": {
      "message": "Hello!",
      "components": [
         {
            "name": "showcase_button",
            "row_index": 0
         },
         {
            "name": "second_showcase_button",
            "row_index": 1
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

### Component appearance overriding
```json
{
   "response": {
      "message": "Hello!",
      "components": [
         {
            "name": "showcase_button",
            "style": "DANGER",
            "label": "Hello!"
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## EventWaiter

The `EventWaiter` class facilitates awaiting events within specific classes without necessitating the registration of separate listener classes. To utilize it, simply acquire its instance from the main `DiscordBot` instance via `DiscordBot#getInstance()#getEventWaiter()`.
## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Replaced component predicates with consumer

README.md, after:

# DiscordBotBase
DiscordBotBase is a Java project utilizing JDA, designed to empower users in creating fully customizable Discord bots through JSON configurations. This README provides comprehensive guidance on various aspects of the project, including configuration, commands, components, modules, and the ResponseBuilder.

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting started](#getting-started)
2. [Main configuration file](#main-configuration-file)
3. [Commands](#commands)
    - [Command structure](#command-structure)
    - [Subcommands](#subcommands)
    - [Response commands](#response-commands)
4. [Components](#components)
    - [Button component structure](#button-component-structure)
    - [Dropdown component structure](#dropdown-component-structure)
    - [Modal component structure](#modal-component-structure)
5. [Modules](#modules)
6. [ResponseBuilder](#responsebuilder)
    - [Response structure](#response-structure)
    - [Component row overriding](#component-row-overriding)
    - [Component appearance overriding](#component-appearance-overriding)
7. [EventWaiter](#eventwaiter)
8. [License](#license)

## Getting started
1. Clone the `DiscordBotBase` repository to your local machine.
2. Customize your bot's behavior.
3. Explore examples and showcases in the `configuration` folder.
4. Build and run your bot using Java and the JDA library.

## Main configuration file
The main configuration file (`configuration/config.json`) serves as the cornerstone for customizing your bot's behavior. Here, you can set default values, specify your bot's token, define admins, configure intents, error handlers, database credentials, enable modules etc.

## Commands
To implement a command, create a class extending the `Command` class. Register the command in `CommandManager#registerCommands()`. Additionally, create a JSON file with the command's name in `configuration/commands`. Upon bot startup, this file will be filled with default JSON properties, which are self-explanatory. From here, you are free to customize the command's appearance and functionality.

Command error handlers can be overridden upon configuring command's properties. If no overrides are provided, bot will respond with default error handlers (configured in `configuration/config.json`). Same principle is later applied to component handlers. 

### Command structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "cooldown": 1,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [], 
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {}, 
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "description": "N/A",
    "admin": false,
    "aliases": [],
    "global": false,
    "guilds": [],
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "parent": "",
    "options": [
      {
        "name": "",
        "type": "STRING",
        "description": "N/A",
        "required": false,
        "autocomplete": false,
        "choices": [
          {
            "name": "",
            "value": ""
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Subcommands
In order to implement a subcommand, create a command with the name `[parent command]_[subcommand]`. Subcommand's properties should include a parent value referencing the parent command's name.

### Response commands
Response commands require no handler implementation. These can be added to `configuration/responsecommands` and configured from there.

## Components
Components include buttons (`ButtonHandler`), dropdowns (`DropdownHandler`) and modals (`ModalHandler`). Handlers are created similarly to command handlers and are registered in `ComponentManager#registerComponentHandlers()`. 

### Button component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "label": "",
    "style": "",
    "emoji": "",
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [],
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "timeout": 0,
    "delete_after_timeout": 0,
    "row_index": 0, 
    "disable_once_used": false,
    "disable_all_once_used": false
  }
}
```
### Dropdown component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "placeholder": "",
    "min_options": 0,
    "max_options": 1,
    "options": [],
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [],
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {},
      "disabled": {}
    },
    "timeout": 0,
    "delete_after_timeout": 0,
    "row_index": 0,
    "disable_once_used": false,
    "disable_all_once_used": false
  }
}
```
### Modal component structure
```json
{
  "properties": {
    "title": "",
    "fields": [],
    "cooldown": 0,
    "admin": false,
    "ephemeral_defer": false,
    "required_roles": [],
    "required_users": [],
    "required_channels": [], 
    "required_permissions": [],
    "required_channel_permissions": [],
    "error_handlers": {
      "cooldown": {},
      "reserved_for_role": {},
      "reserved_for_user": {},
      "reserved_for_channel": {},
      "reserved_for_admin": {},
      "missing_permissions": {},
      "missing_channel_permissions": {}, 
      "disabled": {}
    }
  }
}
```
## Modules
Modules can be enabled from the main configuration file. Each module extends the `Module` class and can register listeners, tasks, both or none. Modules must be registered through `ModuleManager#registerModules()`. Listener modules should use the `registerListener()` method within the `onEnable()` method to register listeners to JDA. Task modules, on the other hand, contain tasks that are repeated at intervals. Use the `registerTask()` method to register tasks.

## ResponseBuilder
The `ResponseBuilder` class handles interactions with users, sending responses in the form of messages or modals. Use the `ResponseBuilder#build()` method to begin response creation process. Once your response has been created, use `#send()` in order to send it. 

Two values that are worth explaining are `bonus` and `consumer`:
- `bonus` - Allows passing JsonObject data to components upon message sending. This data can later be retrieved upon handling component execution. 
- `consumer` - Enables the integration of executable consumer to respond when component is used. This feature proves highly advantageous for managing components with diverse appearances yet varying functionalities and same parent handlers, such as confirmation buttons. 

### Response structure
```json
{
  "response": {
    "message": "Hello!",
    "description": "",
    "title": "",
    "title_url": "",
    "footer_text": "",
    "footer_icon_url": "",
    "author_text": "",
    "author_url": "",
    "author_icon_url": "",
    "timestamp": "",
    "thumbnail_url": "",
    "image_url": "",
    "color": "",
    "fields": [
        {
          "name": "",
          "value": "",
          "blank": true,
          "inline": false
        }
    ],
    "components": [""],
    "modal": "",
    "delete_after": 0,
    "ephemeral": false,
    "pin": false
  }
}
```

### Component row overriding
```json
{
   "response": {
      "message": "Hello!",
      "components": [
         {
            "name": "showcase_button",
            "row_index": 0
         },
         {
            "name": "second_showcase_button",
            "row_index": 1
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

### Component appearance overriding
```json
{
   "response": {
      "message": "Hello!",
      "components": [
         {
            "name": "showcase_button",
            "style": "DANGER",
            "label": "Hello!"
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## EventWaiter

The `EventWaiter` class facilitates awaiting events within specific classes without necessitating the registration of separate listener classes. To utilize it, simply acquire its instance from the main `DiscordBot` instance via `DiscordBot#getInstance()#getEventWaiter()`.
## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
